Read me (#5)
mn-pollinators/assets: README.md

# Minnesota Pollinators Assets

This repository contains a variety of assets for projects related to Minnesota pollinators and native plants.
This project is part of a [grant-funded project](https://wcroc.cfans.umn.edu/restoring-native-prairie) to restore native prairie on a site in Morris, MN
and help people learn about pollinators and the native prairie plants that support them. 

## Related Projects

> There are currently a couple of projects using these resources or related to this project in some way:

Reviewer: Just a small thing (you can commit this change right from here):

```suggestion
There are currently a few projects using these resources or related to this project in some way:
```
